{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Discussion w Nicolas.Sabouret (project lead for Tardis)\
Oct 28\
Candy, Nicolas, Catherine\
\
1. send him my paper for Nov talk here\
2.  His social models have 4 sub parts: familiarity, dominance/subordination, likeability of other, interests in common between 2 agents/persons.  Also have a notion of the role of the agent vis a vis others and some notion of knowledge of the ohter over time.\
3.  we talked about personality of agent and moods and how that can be incorporated in the agent.\
4.  Our agent does not have dominance/subordination, as the relation is treated as equal.  But our agent does actually have  role--it is a helpful companion.   But we currently don't have the agent think about that or reflect on it with the human.  We also expect the agent's knowledge of the person to change (some of it comes at the start pre-conversationally) over time as it learns not only family member information but also things like who the person has appts with etc.  \
5. We also discussed the use of menus in the dialogue system as the way to start (with clicking on them and maybe even speaking them).  Ultimately replacing them with something more like general categories  that are displayed on the menu and that will be associated with keywords from a speech system that is listening to free speech from the user.  That I think could be integrated to the d4g menus because a "keyword semantic interpreter" would serve as input to the menus to say the equivalent of "this menu item was clicked on".  }