{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Notes on ML 4\
CLS\
Oct 16, 2012
\fs20 \
\

\fs24 ML 2\
Female Interviewee, Male Interviewer\
\
She seems very engaged, she is a little nervous (she has various movements like playing with her hair that make this clear.   \
\
She uses her hands in explanations, smiles and looks at the I often.  She also listens with clear interest to what the I says. a 7:37 there is an exchange where they are both using hand motions int he same way--looks like entrainment to me.\
\
At 8:42-8:45 she closes her eyes as she speaks. at 8:55 she looks down as she speaks and puts her hand to her face.  What is happening in the interview at this point?\
\
By 9 minutes in she looks very reserved in the interaction.  She looses her animation, hand to her face a lot, plays with her braid.  PUts hands in front of her together.\
\
the interviewer occasionally seems to have a very long turn (e.g. 7:53-8:03).  Looks like more than asking questions.\
\
By 12:00 he is talking a lot with large hand gestures, and she is quite unanimated.\
\
12:50 she smiles and gestures with boht hands in small gestures.\
\
14:00 she smiles fully and looks a bit less disturbed.\
\
Topics (from Mathieu)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Topics of the ML2 video : it's about a bus driver position\
00:20-00:50 Brief greeting and discussing of job\
00:50-03:20 They discuss the job offer (prerequisites, details, how she imagines the job)\
03:20-05:00 Her experience, educational background\
05:00-07:00 They discuss another experience (about a sales job), which went poorly apparently\
07:00-08:00 He asks if she has considered public sector and private sector\
08:00-10:00 Tough open question : he asks "what are the customers looking for when they take a bus, besides the means of going from A to B ?"\
10:00-11:10 Specifics about the job (would she mind working early or late, having short or long trips)\
11:10-12:10 Does she have long term goals, how does she see career evolution\
12:10-13:40 How would she handle conflictual situations (passengers that cause problems)\
13:50-15:00 Classic strengths/weaknesses question\
15:20-16:00 He asks if she has any questions
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
}