{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6860\viewh12400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Notes on ML 4\
CLS\
Oct 16, 2012\
\
Female interviewer, Male interviewee\
\
0-1:00 She is explaining, he listens while looking at her, nods, and then looks down in a brief response.  AFter looks down more.\
\
1:00-2:00 His pattern is to look down and then look up.  He looks down during his turns with looks up.  \
\
2:00 -3:00 I looks down at her papers as she speaks.  After this their many looks down appear always to be at the papers on the desk.  He looks down and looks up when she does. 2:45 I looks down as she speaks, then up at him.  He looks down when she does but he waits 3 seconds to do so, during which she has ended her turn and his has started.\
\
3-  They seem to look down a lot but she looks up often before he does.  he does not look at her fully during his speaking but looks down and up.\
\
4  more direct looks by both but some up and down looking.\
\
6:00 He sits back and has bent over posture.\
\
11-12  a long and direct looking series of exchanges; He seems nervous (bites his lips a lot)\
\
very few hand gestures by him--hands in lap below surface of desk.  \
\
20:00 Interruption in their conversation due to outside person?  Smiles after.  Then serious face on him as she speaks. he looks directly at her now as she speaks, but no when he talks.\
\
21:00 He bites his lips but smiles at her.  \
\
22:13 change of interviewers for male interviewer. IEE puts his elbows on the desk.  IEE looks at IER through all that IER says\
\
23:00 -25:00 IER is filling out a form based on IEE's comments.  Both men are often focused on the form, but IEE looks at IER whenever IER looks at him. A\
\
t 24:50 or so IEE gives a long answer to IER turn and looks down through most of it.\
\
26:00 IEE sits back in seat.  Does hand gestures. Exchanges involving looking down at form and up when IER speaks.  at 26:25-26:27 IEE looks totally left as he speaks but IER may not have noticed as he was filling in the form. 26:30 IEE rubs his right thigh as he talks (is he nervous?)  IER was looking at papers during IEE's rubbing.\
\
33:45 IEE looks down a lot as he speaks.  IER is looking directly at him.  \
\
Video ends when they are still speaking.\
\
IER smiles even late in the video.  He seems pretty animated and friendly.  \
\
All the looking down by the IEE when he speaks, his mouth biting and his posture conveys submissiveness to me.  He appears interested in what IER says because he looks at the IER often as IER speaks.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}