{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Phase 2 Intro\
\
T1a:  George looking at interviewee Kim:\
\
  George H Dom, High Hostile will not smile, may frown as he reads notes, and his way of saying\

\f1\fs32 \'93I would like to start by asking you to introduce yourself, tell me how you found our company and why you have applied for this job,"\
\

\f0\fs24 would be more aggressive:  \
	tell me how you found our company and why you applied for the job.  \
So there are really two Georges that are possible.\
\
For either case, as George speaks, he will be checking to see what Kim does.  If she doesn't look directly at him or even looks away at various moments, his value of her social presence goes down.\
\
T1b:  When Kim takes her turn, if she looks down at the floor  and hesitates, her social presence value goes down in George's mind.\
\
Hesitation in turn taking:  hesitation is relative--no absolute values work.  I suggest calculating a value based on George's RATE of speech.   Such calculations should also include previous turns where George spoke in the conversation after Kim's turn to get another value to be averaged with the rate average.  \
\
Kim's information.  Here's where using a menu will be essential unless you want to cook up another way to talk.  In the TARDIS scenario, Kim provides tactically bad information (being unemployed).  This verbal info should be stored in the user model as factual info, but should also drop the agent's perception of the user's social presence or social competence.  \
\
Also where she looks as she answers this question will change the agent's assessment of her social presence.\
\
T2a:  George smiles according to the scenario  Only friendly George smiles.  Hostile George will keep a frown on his face.\
Hostile George will say:  Tell me how you found this company.  Why did you apply?\
\
T2b:  Here again we have to construct possible utterance choices for the user.  And ongoing non verbal behavior will change the social presence values.\
\
T3a:  George's question seems neutral but his non-verbal behavior could color this interaction as hostile or friendly.  His next question in response to Kim's short answer (other qualities) would not be done by a hostile George or the George who is perceiving Kim as very socially passive.   \
\
T3b:  The scenario indicates that Kim maintains eye contact (one of the few instances so far).  So this might change the social presence value a bit.  Again Kim's verbal response is important both for its content as well as its short length.\
\
t4a:  good candidate?  The short form of this question for Hostile George is Why are you\'85\
\
T4b:  The verbal response seems important here.  Namely the lack of information by Kim.  Again actual dialog content may matter.  \
\
It's not clear that George, even if feeling frustrated with Kim, can skip much above except for the one question about thinking of other qualities.\
\
\
\

\f2 \
}