{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh12460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The foundation of this project is the plan to develop a video game tool to allow young people to learn how to present themselves positively, either when meeting somebody for the first time or when looking for a job, etc. The project is targeted to young people who are at risk of social exclusion.  In this game, a virtual agent plays the role of the recruiter. The young person has to present himself, greet the recruiter, and tell relevant information regarding the job offer.\
\
An virtual agent for this activity must be able to converse in dialog with the student player in a sophisticated manner while also producing appropriate non-verbal gestures to express its reaction to the player's behavior.  It must also be able to interpret gestures from the player.  Such an agent can be built in part using the Disco collaborative dialogue system.  This system allows a developer to specify the 
\i set of tasks
\i0  that the agent will perform with a user.  Having done so, the Disco system acts as a part of the agent's cognition to perform conversations in the video game world.  In the recruitment video game world, the virtual agent will be collaborating with the player on recruiting tasks:  accepting greetings from the player, querying the player as he or she offers information about him or herself relative to a job for which he or she is applying, and closing the interaction with an assessment of how the player performed.   During the dialogue between the virtual agent and the player, the Disco system will update a 
\i user model 
\i0 to keep track of how a player performs in each recruitment trial.  This user model when kept over multiple turns of a game provides information that can be used to assess how the player is improving over time so that an assessment conversation could be quite useful to the players.  The dialogue model will contain an assessment sub-dialog, although that sub-dialog will quite simple to start.\'a0 As a place holder for a more fully specified assessment, the agent will simply perform a basic type of assessment:  sum up from the user model what the player accomplished and allow the student player to pose questions about what he or she did when.\
\
The user model in this system can also be used in a number of ways.  It can be viewed by a educator to assess how the student player is doing.  This assessment can occur at any point in the interaction, as needed by the educator.  The Disco system provides a continual history of the dialogue (which it keeps both in machine and human readable form);  this history may also be helpful to the human evaluator.  In addition, the user model and history can be used to cause the agent to perform adaptation.  The Disco system is designed to make use of any additional modules that a developer wishes to include, so adaptation techniques can be easily integrated.\
\
The Disco collaborative dialogue [refs] system is an open source version of the Collagen collaborative dialogue system [refs], which has been in use for more than 10 years and has been used for a variety of applications, both with virtual agents [ref]  and humanoid robots [ref] .  It requires that a developer specify a set of domain goals and tasks for interaction, and then uses its built-in models of dialogue to interpret user utterances relative to the previous dialogue, update the dialogue state and produce utterances and actions (such as displaying information or even performing actions in the game world) that further the domain goals.  Disco has a basic text generation capability, but any of its default utterances can be replaced by more sophisticated hand-tuned utterances, or integrated with a text generation engine.   Disco offers a structured history of all user dialogues that is associated with the goals and tasks of the interaction.  This history may be saved and retrieved to remind a user how he/she responded to a previous task.  \
\'a0 \
For this effort, the research task will be to build up such a set of tasks (call the task library) about greetings and job interviews, and to provide details of how to perform each of the tasks of the recruitment domain.  The Disco system can then be integrated with the virtual agent  to interact with the student player in the recruitment video game.  We plan to test the agent using this task library for recruitment with a small number of players.\
\
In order to make use of non-verbal behaviors for this effort, the Semaine platform [ref] will be used to detect a player when he or she arrives, and track the face as the player interacts in the recruiting event.  We will also experiment as time allows with non-verbal gestures such smiles by the agent, and looks both at the player and at items the agent might want to display for the player on the computer screen.  Using Pelachaud's models of emotive conversation [ref], we will experiment with the agent expressing surprise, disapproval, pleasure and disappointment as needed in the interaction.  \
\
We envision in research following this project that the agent will also be extended to vary its responses to be personable, occasionally to be a bit humorous, and also to engage the user through facial looking and gaze gestures as well as language.  \
\
}