{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12740\viewh12120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The idea of this project is to develop video game tool to allow young people to learn how to present themselves positively, either when meeting somebody for the first time or when looking for a job, etc. The project is targeted to young people that are at risk of social exclusion. The agent would play the role of the recruiter. The young people has to present himself, greet the recruiter, tell relevant information regarding the job offer... \
The dialog domain is quite well circumscribed. It involves quite a lot of social and emotional signals we could add with FML tags.\
----------------------------------\
An agent which can interact with a player and which uses sophisticated language and gestures can be built using the Disco collaborative dialogue system.  This system allows a developer to specify a set of tasks that the agent will perform with a user.  In the video game, the agent will be collaborating on recruiting tasks:  accepting greetings from the user, querying the user as he or she offers information about themselves relative to a job for which the user is applying, and closing the interaction with an assessment of how the user performed;  the assessment also will allow the user to ask additional question about how to improve his/her performance next time.  The agent will also need to vary its responses to be personable, occasionally to be a bit humorous, and also to engage the user through gestures as well as language.  With use of OpenCV and a webcam, the agent find the user's face, when he or she arrives, and track the face as the user interacts in the recruiting event.  Non-verbal gestures will also include smiles by the agent, and looks both at the user and at items the agent might want to display for the user on the computer screen.  Using Pelachaud's models of emotive conversion, the agent will also be able to express surprise, disapproval, pleasure and disappointment as needed in the interaction.  \
\
The Disco collaborative dialogue system is an open source version of the Collagen collaborative dialogue system, which has been in use for more than 10 years and has been used for a variety of applications, both with virtual agents and humanoid robots.  It requires that a developer specify a set of domain goals and tasks for interaction, and then uses its built-in models of dialogue to interpret user utterances, update the dialogue state and produce utterances and actions (such as displaying information) that further the domain goals.  Disco has a simple text generation capability, but any of its default utterances can be replaced by more sophisticated hand-tuned utterances, or integrated with a text generation engine.   Use of a user model with Disco will allow the agent to keep track of how a user performs over multiple turns of a game, and thus it will be possible to determine whether the user is improving over time.  Disco offers a structured history of all user dialogues that is associated with the goals and tasks of the interaction.  These dialogues may be saved and retrieved to remind a user how he/she responded to a previous task.  }